Create rule S6940: Positional parameters must precede keyword parameters (#3738)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6940/jcl/rule.adoc

Positional parameters must be specified before any keyword parameters.

== Why is this an issue?

> Having a keyword parameters defined before a positional parameter will trigger an error IEFC006I.

Reviewer: I wonder if `IEFC006I` is a relevant detail here. Maybe we should just say "JCL error"

> Positional parameters must be specified before any keyword parameters.
> 
> == Why is this an issue?
> 
> Having a keyword parameters defined before a positional parameter will trigger an error IEFC006I.

Reviewer: Maybe something like?
```suggestion
== Why is this an issue?

JCL requires positional parameters to be specified before any keyword parameters. Having keyword parameters defined before a positional parameter will trigger a JCL error.
```

== How to fix it

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,jcl,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
//MYJOB JOB CLASS=X,'TRIGGER'
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,text,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
//MYJOB JOB 'TRIGGER',CLASS=X
----

== Resources

=== Documentation

> https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/zos/3.1.0?topic=messages-iefc006i[IBM Reference - IEFC006I]

Reviewer: We can also probably link the documentation on the parameter field: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/zos/3.1.0?topic=fields-parameter-field
